docs: roadmap updates (#9072)
authelia/authelia: docs/content/roadmap/active/multi-domain-protection.md

Reviewer: re: #sso-implementation
What do we mean by 'SSO Implementation'? As I understand it now, we already support multi-domain protection what does leveraging OIDC do to enhance SSO?

### Decide on a Session Library

{{< roadmap-status stage="complete" >}}

> We've decided on moving away from as session library and implementing it ourselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've decided on moving away from using an existing session library and plan on implementing sessions ourselves.
```
